OSDOCS-4072: adds ingress firewall node operator (#52114)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-infw-operator-deploying.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/ingress-node-firewall-operator.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-infw-operator-deploying_{context}"]
= Deploying Ingress Node Firewall Operator

.Prerequisite
* The Ingress Node Firewall Operator is installed.

.Procedure

> To delploy the Ingress Node Firewall Operator, create a `IngressNodeFirewallConfig` custom resource that will deploy the Operator's daemon set. You can deploy one or multiple `IngressNodeFirewall` CRDs to nodes by applying firewall rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy the Ingress Node Firewall Operator, create a `IngressNodeFirewallConfig` custom resource that will deploy the Operator's daemon set. You can deploy one or more `IngressNodeFirewall` CRDs to nodes by applying firewall rules.
```
Spelling

Reviewer 2: @JoeAldinger This issue was not fixed. See [GH55291](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/issues/55291#issuecomment-1407615620). I created a PR to fix it.
